c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\IndustrialTP2.exe.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\IndustrialTP2.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\IndustrialTP2.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.ABM.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.Form1.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\TPIndustrial.AgregarModificar.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication8.Login.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\TPIndustrial.NuevoProducto.resources
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.CargaAlternativa.resources
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.Explosion.resources
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.ExplotarProducto.resources
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.Implosion.resources
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\IndustrialTP2\IndustrialTP2\obj\Debug\IndustrialTP2.ImplosionarProducto.resources
